Release/1050.0.0 (#9180)
MetaMask/core: packages/smart-transactions-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [24.2.2]

### Changed

> - This package was migrated to the core monorepo from [`MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller`](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller). For the changelog up to and including v24.2.1 (the last release from the original repo), see the [historical changelog](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/blob/v24.2.1/CHANGELOG.md). ([#9139](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/9139))

Reviewer: This matches some other packages we've migrated:
```suggestion
- This package was migrated from `MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller` to the `MetaMask/core` monorepo ([#9139](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/9139))
   - See [MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) for the original changelog.
```

Author: Done here https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/9180/changes/f8c34d25b064f8b02b0b968614d37f4bc55e36b4
